Interview questions

1. How do you do mounting in databricks?
2. You mentioned that service principal used to access storage account and for mounting, Why cant we do mounting with manged identity as there wont be password expiration.
3. You have a spark job that is running slow, reason for slowness and how can you improve.
4. How spark calculates no of partitions?
5. How can you change the partitions
6. What is data skewness and how can you resolve it
7. What is AQE?
8. Have you done any performance tuning?
9. What is unitycatalog
10. What services you know in azure?
11. Find the department wise 3rd highest salary employee.
12. You have stock table which has stock_id, date, closing_price. Find the stock_id, date which is greater than the previous day and the next day?


Databricks:
What are the types of transformations available in Databricks?
What is a Magic Command in Databricks?
What is a Job in the context of Databricks?
What is a Pool in Databricks and how is it used?
How can you convert a Dataframe to SQL in Databricks?
What is the difference between a Temp View and a Global View in Databricks?
What are the default languages supported in Databricks?
What is Auto Loader in Databricks?
What is a Data Warehouse?
What is a Data Mart?
What is the difference between a Fact Table and a Dimension Table?
What are SCD Type 1 and SCD Type 2?
What is the difference between a Star Schema and a Snowflake Schema?
What are the different types of Data Modeling?
Interview Questions:
What are your roles and responsibilities in your current position?
How do you handle a new client during a Kick-off Call?
How do you calculate the cost of a project?
What factors or situations make you feel worried in a project?
Have you had experience working with Azure Synapse?


Question-
1-Type of ADF Activity
2-Type of Service Tier
3-Type of Trigger 
4-Type of Integration RunTime
5-Component of ADF
6-What is Cloud Computing?
7-What is Data Flow?
8-What is look-up activity and it's limitations?
9-What is Nasted loop?
10-What is difference between Blob and ADLS?
11-What is difference between Get Metadata and Look-up activity?
12-What transformations have you performed in ADF?
13-Type of Cloud Services
14-Type of Cloud
15-Type of Encryption
16-Type of Access Tier
17-Type of Data Storage in Blob


